The name's Silver.
Kat Silver.
License to pack.
I'm the king of apartment 4B!
Yo, that truck says U-Haul,
but, so far, this has been
a lot of Me-Haul.
Look, man, if you want me
to call you "The Muscle,"
you got to act like
"The Muscle."
(scoffs)
I can't believe this is our
last day living together.
Yeah, the end of an era.
-(sighs) Okay, bye.
-Oh.
Wait, wait, this is
kind of a big deal.
Just think of all the memories
that happened here.
You two got engaged.
After 20 years,
-Max finally gave into
his feelings for me.
-(laughs)
There were a lot
of good memories.
There's not a room here that
Randi and I didn't have sex in.
Wait, my room, too?
Dude, that's not cool.
Actually, it's pretty cool.
All right, Randi,
that's the last of your stuff.
Oh, thanks. We'll meet you
at the elevator.
You got an elevator?
Dawg, I dragged your treadmill
down three flights of stairs.
Sure did, Muscle.
All right, I guess this is it.
I'm really gonna miss
hanging out with you here.
Girl, I'm gonna see you
every day this week at work
and at your Super Bowl party,
on my only day off.
Are you sure you want
to throw a party this weekend?
We already have so much
going on with me moving in.
You know how much I love
throwing this party,
and it'll be the first time
that we're doing it together.
Plus, I'm pulling out
all the stops.
Halftime show starring
Cat-y Perry. She's gonna sing
"I Kissed a Cat,"
and, uh, spoiler alert,
-she liked it. All right.
-(chuckles)
Time for a huggle.
Let's do this.
All right, whose house is this?
-No longer our house!
-Whose house is this?
ALL:
No longer our house!
-Let's get up out of here.
-Let's go!
-(cheering, yelling)
-Let's go! Yeah!
Yeah, we should probably get
the rest of my stuff.
Absolutely.
♪ Me, oh, my, oh, my, oh, me ♪
♪ Nothin' wrong with you
but I'd rather be me. ♪
-Oh. (laughs)
-Morning.
Good morning.
Eat your heart out, Folgers,
this is the best part
of waking up.
Bet you never spanked
your other roommates like that.
Actually, Randi once.
It was dark.
I thought she was Carter.
I never even saw
that right hook coming.
-(both laugh)
-Getting ready for work?
Yeah, just gonna
brush the ol' teeth,
floss the ol' gums,
scrape the ol' tongue,
and wish that I had
just said, "Yep."
Look at us, living together,
being the world's cutest couple.
Whoa, whoa, hey, whoa.
Yeah, I'm gonna
stop you right there.
You know, we can use
the-the sink
and the shower at the same time,
but-but the toilet,
that's a solo act,
and it always ends seat down,
and the crowd goes wild.
(laughs)
Um, where's my toothpaste?
Oh, I finished yours last night.
I brushed,
but then I had an Oreo,
so I brushed again,
and then I had another Oreo.
-It was a vicious
but delicious cycle.
-(chuckles)
Here, use mine.
Wow, I, uh, never realized
how much bathroom stuff
you have. (chuckles)
Clear skin, full heart,
can't age.
Here, let me
straighten up a bit.
Uh, oh, oh, hang on.
What's up?
Well, I-I have
an organizing system.
For your medicine cabinet?
Yeah. I modeled it after
my favorite Walgreens.
Their manager, Arlo,
may not know inventory control,
but that redheaded son of
a biscuit's shelf arrangement?
Mwah.
Sure. So, uh,
where should I
put my shaving cream?
Huh. That's a good question
'cause for me, that would
go with the leg stuff,
but for you, it goes
with the face stuff,
but those are
lotions and serums.
You know, I'm gonna
have to text Arlo
and get his thoughts on this.
Uh, well, you know,
why don't I just
put my stuff in this cabinet
with the cleaning products?
Uh, unless you got
a system for that, too.
-Uh...
-Of course you do.
You know what?
This is your place, too.
Just put your stuff
wherever you want.
Thank you.
(gasps)
Oh...
Uh...
That's nice. (laughs)
I'm gonna move that
as soon as he leaves.
I know you're in here, Randi.
I checked every room.
And remember, we called
no under-bedsies.
Oh well, I can't find you.
I guess that means
I can't give you...
foam to the dome!
What are you doing?
I've been looking
for you for 20 minutes.
I went to get pizza. I told you.
I got your favorite
toppings, see?
Half cheese and
half "Freeze, bitch."
(shrieks)
(laughs) Say hello
to my little friend.
(shrieking)
(laughs)
(both laugh)
You know what?
What hurts the most
is there's no pizza in that box.
(laughs)
I love living with you.
It's like hanging with a buddy
I also want to see naked.
Well, I love
living with you, too.
Speaking of which,
you still haven't told me
how much I owe you
for the mortgage.
Oh, don't worry about it, baby,
I got you covered.
Uh-uh, I can pay my own way.
I am not some trophy wife.
But I will let you off the hook
because I know I look like one.
(chuckles) Well, I'm paying
whether you here or not.
I know, but it's important to me
that we're equal partners
in all things.
Except killing spiders.
That's your job.
But if it's important
to you, Cook family rules
do say I can only reject
free money one time.
Okay, well, what's the damage?
A thousand dollars.
Oh, cool, I'll Venmo you 500.
Oh, no, no, a thousand dollars
would be your half.
A thousand?
Yeah, is that cool?
Yeah. Yeah, no problem.
'Cause, you know,
I got racks on racks on racks.
-(doorbell rings)
-Oh, that's the real pizza.
-Oh, okay.
-(chuckles)
Darren?
Yup, special delivery
from Randi.
Extra foam!
All right, Margot, one hot tea
for a hottie. (giggles)
Thank you.
And I have never said this
to a white girl before,
but, damn, I wish
I had an ass like that.
Oh, thank you, girl.
Have a blessed day.
Why are you being so weird
and nice to everyone?
Please don't tell me
you're dying.
You're the only
reason I come here.
My half of Carter's mortgage
is a little more
than I expected,
so I need every
dollar I can get.
I thought about
selling my clothes
but I just look too damn good
in all of them.
Wait, wait, wait.
There are certain things
a woman should never do,
and at the top of that list
is pay rent to her boyfriend.
What else is on that list?
Wrinkle her brow,
cut her own hair,
open a cat café.
I just don't want to become
dependent on a man.
What if I meet Beyoncé?
She's not gonna
let me get in formation.
I hear you.
Sisters got to be doing it
for theyselves.
For theyselves.
I'll let that slide if you
agree that I deserve a raise.
Randi, you are a partner
in this business.
We couldn't do it without you,
which is why I can offer you
a "raise-in" scone.
What?
That's the Randi I love.
Do it again.
So, how are things
with you and Max?
You guys all settled in?
Oh, me and Max?
It's great. It's really great.
He's got a lot of stuff.
But it's really great!
Very convincing.
Totally buying it.
I'm just used to
having my own space,
and he's just always there.
With all his stuff.
But it's really great!
Look at it from his perspective,
you're always there too,
and he can't send you to camp
while he summers
in the French Riviera.
It was a day camp, Mother.
I had to sleep in a canoe
and fight a raccoon for food.
And I had to come home
early when she got rabies.
It was a terrible
summer for both of us.
Okay Cat-y Perry,
it's time to bring it.
The halftime show
is in two days.
You are not focused,
you're not even close
to knowing your choreography.
Let's take it
from the top, okay?
Six, seven, eight.
You jump to the couch.
You know, I think this is why
John Meower broke up
with you. I just...
Hey, I got a surprise for you.
Ooh, is it boxer briefs?
'Cause I accidentally put yours
on this morning,
and I got to tell you,
that front opening
is like driving with
the windows down.
I got us a new TV
for Super Bowl Sunday.
(chanting):
MVP, MVP!
Oh, my gosh, look at
that thing, it's huge.
That's what she said.
That is what she said,
'cause she's
very confused right now.
What's wrong with my TV?
We can't watch the Super Bowl
on something that small.
It would just be... the Bowl.
Okay, well, I-I don't
really want my place
to look like a sports bar.
I thought it was our place.
And if this was a sports bar,
there would be
a TV in the bathroom,
which... Hold on a second.
No, this thing is way too big.
We'd have to get a new TV stand.
I'll mount the TV on the wall.
Well, where am I going to hang
the caricatures of the cats?
I mean, Snowball as an astronaut
is not only a subtle commentary
on the lack
of female representation
in the space program,
it's friggin' adorable.
Why are you so upset?
I got this to make
your party better.
Yeah, but you didn't even
check with me first.
Well, I didn't know
I needed to ask permission
to buy something
for our apartment.
We're low on toilet paper.
Should we have a meeting
before I go get some?
If the toilet paper's
the size of a bus, yes.
You don't like where
I put my computer,
you don't like
where I put my deodorant,
you don't like where
I put my socks.
They're in the refrigerator.
I like them cool.
I get hot feet. You know that.
How much do you think I can
get for this ugly-ass scarf?
Hey, that's mine.
And you can have it back
for 20 bucks.
Act now, and I'll throw in
your ugly-ass sunglasses, too.
Randi, if you can't afford
your part of the mortgage,
you've got to be
honest with Carter.
No, no, I can pay my half.
Between extra tips,
selling a few things,
and, ooh, I'm not gonna be able
to make your Super Bowl party.
Why? You're my hottest friend.
I like to show you off.
Well, I have to
drive Uber that day.
You took a second job?
Randi, you've
just got to tell him.
Beyoncé will understand.
She wrote "Bills, Bills, Bills."
I see you, Queen B.
It's fine.
By the way, have you
been working out?
Because you are putting
the "ass" in fantastic.
I know what you're doing.
And it's working.
Hey-hey, I bought booze
for your Super Bowl party.
All from the top shelf...
-of the storage room.
-(chuckles) Great.
I'm making my
Reggie White Bean Salad,
my Jerry Rice Pudding,
and Bill "Belichicken" Fingers.
Oh, cool.
Remind me, we got to
eat before we go.
Actually, I don't
think I'm gonna make it.
What? How can you
miss the Super Bowl?
Lady stuff.
Say less.
You know, I think this
entertainment center
is the perfect solution
to our problem.
It really is.
I get a place to
put my sweet new TV,
and you get four more
drawers for cat crap.
(laughs) All right,
let's get to it.
Time for my favorite
step: Inventory.
Uh, looks like we've
got some long screws
and a couple of nuts.
That's what she said.
Nailed it. Also what she said.
Ooh, we've also got
an exciting array of dowels.
Whoa, what are you doing?
Manly things.
No, but you've got to
follow the instructions.
It says here right
on the instructions.
It says,
"Follow the instructions."
Huh.
Let's see. Step one:
Build the damn thing.
Step two: Napalm
life-sized zombies
on my giant, kick-ass TV.
Wha...
Are you out of your mind?
The warranty card is in there.
(groans) Damn it.
You know, we could've
just paid the 75 bucks
to have them build it.
For reference,
that's the shipping cost
of all of your moisturizers.
Why isn't this fitting?
Because you're doing it wrong,
which you would know if you
had used the instructions.
I did use the instructions.
Yeah, as a plate for your pizza.
While you wasted a paper plate.
Sorry, Mother Earth,
I guess only
one of us loves you.
If I'm doing it wrong,
here, you do it.
Oh, fine. You know what?
I will do it.
And I'm gonna use
the instructions.
Zucchini.
All right, uh, step 42-C:
Slide the upper
edge of the left door
into the lower right track.
Wait, so the left door
into the right track?
Well, is this the left door
or the right door?
How's it going?
Did you build it yet?
I knew this party was a mistake.
The party is not the problem.
The problem is this big, dumb TV
that you bought
without asking me.
It's not a dumb TV,
it's a smart TV.
It says so right on the box.
Wait, I think I got it.
Seriously?
Yup, the door is attached.
It opens and closes.
Well, call me Jesus,
because I am a highly
skilled Jewish carpenter.
And it only took four hours,
two calls to customer service,
and one trip to urgent care.
I'm sorry, I really was just
tossing that mallet at you.
I didn't know that you were
gonna catch it with your...
(whistles)
It's okay. It finally dropped.
I think he was just scared
more than anything else.
Well, it was not easy,
but we did it.
Yeah.
-(sighs)
-We made this together.
This must be how parents feel.
You know, proud.
And very, very tired.
Also wondering, like,
was it really worth it?
Let's go to bed.
I told you to use
the frickin' washers!
It said they were optional!
Oh, where'd it say that?
In the instructions
you didn't read?
I need my nighttime socks.
Wha...
All right, last call
for Super Bowl bets.
Nothing's off limits,
the winner, the score,
how long it'll take for
Sheila to tell her story
about how she hooked up
with Terry Bradshaw.
I was just trying to make
Mean Joe Greene jealous.
Yes! I had "before kickoff."
Carter, let it ride on
"my mother insulting
my outfit before halftime."
It is hideous.
And I win again!
Carter, send that 40 bucks
straight to my therapist.
Hey, real quick
we just want to make a toast.
Hold on, I need a drink.
Continue.
Uh, I just wanted to...
Oh, you're gonna talk?
Um, I just want to thank you all
for coming to my annual
Super Bowl party.
I thought it was our party.
I don't recall you
making football-shaped meatballs
with mozzarella laces.
Anyway, uh, enjoy yourselves,
and don't forget
to try the guacamole
'cause... it's good.
And I just want to
give a special shout-out
to my personal MVP.
This sick-ass 70-inch
ultra-hi-def TV.
Daddy loves you.
Turn it up.
Yeah, the national anthem's
about to start.
It's not working.
Thanks, Kelly. Big help.
Wait, that's the old remote.
Are you kidding me?
Did you take the new remote
to the Goodwill
when you dropped off my old TV?
Uh, maybe, because
you made me stay up all night
rebuilding your stupid TV stand,
and I only got
two hours of sleep.
So we have to watch
the Super Bowl with no sound?
This is why I hate charity.
You know, when I
got my TV stand,
I just paid a guy 75 bucks...
-Thank you.
-Shut it.
We can just use the volume
buttons on the side of the TV.
There are no buttons,
it's too awesome and expensive.
It's fine, everybody,
I'll do my play-by-play.
Kat fumbles the party,
the crowd boos.
Me? Max is the one
who gave away the remote
to the giant TV
he just had to have.
We don't have time for this.
There was just a commercial
with a monkey
riding a motorcycle,
and I don't know
what I'm supposed to buy!
You've got to
go back to the Goodwill
and get the remote.
Fine, but we wouldn't
even be in this mess
if you'd have let me
have a bathroom TV.
God, my feet are hot.
Uh...
Good news, everybody.
I'm gonna move up
the halftime show.
Cat-y Perry, you're on.
You jump to the couch.
You jump
to the couch.
It's not working.
Thanks, Kelly. Big help.
Hey.
Max texted Carter.
Goodwill's still
looking for the remote.
But, on the plus side,
he found a pair
of corduroy bellbottoms
that "are tight in
all the right places."
Are you okay?
It's me and Max.
I don't know.
Maybe moving in
together this soon
-was not the best idea.
-Mmm.
It's an adjustment.
You've lived alone
most of your life.
It's hard to learn to compromise
for the first time
at the age of 45.
Mother, I'm only 40.
You are? Dear Lord.
And I'm compromising.
We bought his
brand of toilet paper.
I haven't walked right in
two days, but I'm trying.
Listen, I know.
Changing your ways can feel like
you're giving away
a little bit of yourself,
but remember,
you're getting something
wonderful in return.
Max.
Yeah.
Max, who has a 45-minute
daily skin-care routine.
I literally heard him say,
"I just want to look better
than Paul Rudd."
Look, in a lot of ways,
men are impossible,
so you have two options:
Learn to live with them,
or wear that exact outfit
to a lesbian bar
and get on with your life.
Yeah, I'm parked
right out front.
License plate "HURRYUP."
(laughs) Just a coincidence.
Yeah, see you soon.
(knock on window)
Wrong car, wrong night!
Carter?
What are you doing here?
I had to pick up
a universal TV remote.
Long story short, white friends.
-Hey, are you Randi?
-Yes.
Who the hell are you?
Joel. Am I in the right car?
-No.
-Yes.
Should I get out?
-No.
BOTH:
Okay, what's going on?
I started driving Uber
to make a little extra money.
What?
I have a flight to catch
in an hour, so could we maybe...
Ooh, bottled water.
My half of the mortgage
was more than I thought.
Like a lot more.
Like, if you can afford that,
why the hell was
my Valentine's gift
a coupon to
unload the dishwasher?
It was a series of coupons,
including a free hug
and a free back rub.
And they were all
for the same reason.
I was hoping they
would lead to sex.
I really do need to
get to the airport.
Joel, you're a man traveling
on Super Bowl Sunday.
Your needs mean nothing to me.
Didn't I tell you I would cover
your part of the mortgage?
No, no, I can
pay my fair share.
I've never had to
rely on anybody,
and I'm not about to start now.
Baby, we about to be married.
We're a team.
Like Jay and Beyoncé.
Barack and Michelle.
Oprah and Gayle.
You know, my mother and I
were in a similar situation.
We agreed to pay our rent on a
sliding scale based on income.
Damn it, would
you mind your own...
Actually, Boy Kat
back here has a good idea.
What do you think, baby?
I just don't want you to
think I'm taking advantage.
I don't. I think it's fair.
Okay, then I'm in.
You guys make
an adorable couple.
Can I take a picture of you
and tell my mom
that we're dating?
Excuse me?
And ride cancelled.
(whistle blows on TV)
All right, that's the end
of the third quarter,
and Sheila won again?
(laughs)
I've got racks
on racks on racks.
I hate that I taught you that.
Everyone's having a good time
at your party.
Our party.
I think it's 'cause
they love your TV.
Our TV.
No, it's my TV. (laughs)
But I should've talked
to you before I bought it.
Yeah, you should've.
But I got to be more flexible.
BOTH:
That's what she said.
And I've got to compromise.
And I have definitely got to
go back to my old toilet paper.
I've been to hell and back
with your one-ply.
Listen, we're figuring it out.
The good news is I think
I've finally gotten the hang
of how you organize the fridge.
(chuckling):
Oh.
Not even close.
Cheese and lettuce
in the same drawer?
I had to sit down.
Ow! One-ply!
("Stick Together"
by Freedust plays)
♪ I tried to
shake this bad dream ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ But I can't believe my eyes ♪
♪ As I reach for my phone ♪
♪ So I call up my mother,
call up my friends ♪
♪ Is this the world
we have to live in? ♪
♪ The city's on fire ♪
♪ Everyone's tired ♪
♪ We're walking on wires ♪
♪ Just to keep quiet ♪
♪ Counting the hours
down till the end ♪
♪ Just trying to
make some sense ♪
♪ We are all, we are all ♪
♪ We need. ♪
Captioning sponsored by
WARNER BROS. TELEVISION
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org